Document sending_method argument for files (#70)
cds-snc/notification-documentation: src/en/send.md

::: warning Enabling this feature

Sending files by email is an API-only feature. To turn on this feature, [contact us](https://notification.canada.ca/contact).
:::

### File types and size requirements
You can upload PDF, CSV, .jpeg, .png, .odt, .txt, .rtf,  Microsoft Excel and Microsoft Word Document files. Your email including the file must be smaller than 10MB.

> [Contact us](https://notification.canada.ca/contact) if you need to send other file types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to send other file types, [contact us](https://notification.canada.ca/contact).
```

### Sending methods

You can send files in two ways on GC Notify:

1. directly attached to emails
1. through a unique link to a web interface

You are able to control how files are delivered to recipients on every
API call. GC Notify cannot access or decrypt your files.

::: tip Choosing a sending method

People generally expect files to be directly attached to emails. With that in mind, it’s not uncommon to see attachments being blocked by security rules or email providers. Use the unique link method to prevent your attachments from being blocked.

Before choosing a sending method, perform tests to see what works best for your use case.

:::

### Upload your file

> To send files, pass a dictionary of arguments in the `personalisation` argument. Pass this dictionary to the placeholder key if it’s present in your template or use a name of your choice.

Reviewer: Is there a way to say this without using arguments twice in the sentence?

Reviewer: What does `or use a name of your choice` mean here? Does that mean they can use a different name than the placeholder or that they can name the file?

> To send files, pass a dictionary of arguments in the `personalisation` argument. Pass this dictionary to the placeholder key if it’s present in your template or use a name of your choice.

Author: ```suggestion
To send files, pass a dictionary in the `personalisation` argument. Pass this dictionary to the placeholder key if it’s present in your template or use a name of your choice.
```
Can remove the first arguments.

The idea is that if you're using links, you'll have a variable in your template like `((link_to_file))`. For direct attachments, you'll not have variables in your template. You will need to put the dict in a key, and you can choose its name.

- `filename`: the filename of the file you are sending. Example: `service_name_applicant_name.pdf`
- `sending_method`: specify how you want to send this file. Either `attach` for the direct attachment method or `link` to generate a unique link

#### If you’re sending files as direct attachments

Specify `attach` as `sending_method`.

For example:

**Template**
```
Hello ((first_name)),

We received your application on ((application_date)).

You will find your application attached.
```

**HTTP parameters**
```json
"personalisation": {
  "first_name": "Amala",
  "application_date": "2018-01-01",
  "application_file": {
    "file": "file as base64 encoded string",
    "filename": "your_custom_filename.pdf",
    "sending_method": "attach"
  }
}
```

#### If you’re sending files with unique links

1. Add a placeholder to the email template
1. Send HTTP requests, specify `link` as `sending_method`

**Add a placeholder to the template**

1. [Sign in to GC Notify](https://notification.canada.ca/sign-in).
1. Go to the __Templates__ page and select the relevant email template.
1. Select __Edit__.
1. Add a placeholder to the email template using double brackets. For example:

```

> You can [now download your application](((link_to_file))).

Reviewer: Is it actually triple brackets?

Author: This is how it is at the moment yeah according to the templates documentation https://notification.canada.ca/templates

Not really confusing for devs, could be for others, agreed

> 1. Add a placeholder to the email template using double brackets. For example:
> 
> ```
> You can [now download your application](((link_to_file))).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add a placeholder to the email template using double brackets. For example: `((link to file))`

```
You can [now download your application](((link_to_file))).
```

Sending files by email is not enabled by default. To turn on this feature, [contact us](https://notification.canada.ca/contact).
:::

### File types and size requirements

> You can upload PDF, CSV, .jpeg, .png, .odt, .txt, .rtf,  Microsoft Excel and Microsoft Word Document files. Your file must be smaller than 10MB.

Reviewer 2: Maximum email size including **content** and **attachments** must be smaller than 10MB. The private link method shown below does not factor into calculated email size.

[Contact us](https://notification.canada.ca/contact) if you need to send other file types.

### Sending methods

> You can send files in two ways on Notify:

Reviewer: `You can send files in two ways on GC Notify:`

> You can send files in two ways on Notify:

Reviewer: ```suggestion You can send files in two ways on GC Notify:```

> You can send files in two ways on Notify:

Reviewer: GC Notify

> You can send files in two ways on Notify:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can send files in two ways on GC Notify:
```

1. directly attached to emails

> 1. through a unique link to a web interface. Links are unique and unguessable.

Reviewer: Consider removing "Links are unique and unguessable"

Reviewer 2: 2. through a private link to a web interface.

Author: @dorianjp You don't need to number items from lists in Markdown, that's a useful feature.

You can do
```
1. One
1. Two
1. Three
```

and it will be rendered as

1. One
1. Two
1. Three

> 1. through a unique link to a web interface. Links are unique and unguessable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. through a unique link to a web interface
```

You are able to control how files are delivered to recipients on every
API call. GC Notify cannot access or decrypt your files.

> ::: tip Choosing the appropriate sending method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: tip Choosing a sending method
```

> People are generally more used to files directly attached to emails. With that in mind, it's not uncommon to see attachments being blocked by security rules or some email providers. Use the unique link method to prevent your attachments from being blocked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
People generally expectt files to be directly attached to emails. With that in mind, it's not uncommon to see attachments being blocked by security rules or email providers. Use the unique link method to prevent your attachments from being blocked.
```

> We encourage you to perform tests before choosing a sending method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before choosing a sending method, perform tests to see what works best for your use case.
```

:::

> ### Add contact details to the file download page

Reviewer: Would this happen at the API level for now, for link sending method?

Reviewer: Wondering, should us turning on the file attachment feature also include turning on the contact details feature at the same time regardless of sending method?

To turn on this feature, [contact us](https://notification.canada.ca/contact).

> ### Add a placeholder to the template (optional)

Reviewer: Wondering if it'd be helpful to structure by sending method to make things more clear? Might take a stab at a restructure to see if it works -->  https://docs.google.com/document/d/1jE14zzCPen-e69GmF2N46DaMwiimfWXeq5fQs1_boIE/edit

::: tip Only relevant if using unique links

Adding a placeholder in your template is only needed if you’re sending files with a unique link. You do not need to add a placeholder if you’re sending files as direct attachments.

> 

Reviewer 2: Placeholders are ignored for direct attachments, in addition placeholders for direct attachments put into the template will surface an error (missing personalisation).

:::

1. [Sign in to GC Notify](https://notification.canada.ca/sign-in).
1. Go to the __Templates__ page and select the relevant email template.
1. Select __Edit__.
1. Add a placeholder to the email template using double brackets. For example:

```
You can [now download your application](((link_to_file))).
```

### Upload your file

> In order to send files, you need to pass a dictionary of arguments in the `personalisation` argument. Pass this dictionary to the placeholder key if it’s present in your template or use a name of your choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To send files, pass a dictionary of arguments in the `personalisation` argument. Pass this dictionary to the placeholder key if it’s present in your template or use a name of your choice.
```

You’ll need to specify:

- `file`: convert the file into a string that is base64 encoded. Example: `Q2FuYWRh` (`Canada` encoded in base64)

> - `filename`: the filename of the file you are sending. Example: `application.pdf`

Reviewer: Do people have to specify `.pdf`?

Author: Yes

|:---|:---|:---|
|`400`|`[{`<br>`"error": "BadRequestError",`<br>`"message": "Can't send to this recipient using a team-only API key"`<br>`}]`|Use the correct type of [API key](keys.md)|
|`400`|`[{`<br>`"error": "BadRequestError",`<br>`"message": "Can't send to this recipient when service is in trial mode`<br>`}]`|Your service cannot send this notification in trial mode. You can request to go live in settings.|
|`400`|`[{`<br>`"error": "BadRequestError",`<br>`"message": "Unsupported file type '(FILE TYPE)'. Supported types are: '(ALLOWED TYPES)"`<br>`}]`|Wrong file type. You can only upload .pdf, .csv, .txt, .jpeg, .png, .doc, .docx, .xls, .xlsx, .rtf or .odt files|
|`400`|`[{`<br>`"error": "BadRequestError",`<br>`"message": "File did not pass the virus scan"`<br>`}]`|The file contains a virus|

> |`400`|`[{`<br>`"error": "BadRequestError",`<br>`"message": "Send files by email has not been set up - add contact details for your service"`<br>`}]`|See how to add contact details to the file download page|

Reviewer: Do we keep this error if we remove contact details from being required?

Author: Would keep it here until we actually remove it from the admin

> |`400`|`[{`<br>`"error": "ValidationError",`<br>`"message": "sending_method is a required property"`<br>`}]`|See [how to send files by email](#sending-a-file-by-email)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`400`|`[{`<br>`"error": "ValidationError",`<br>`"message": "sending_method is a required property"`<br>`}]`|Specify either `attach` or `link` as a sending method|
```

> |`400`|`[{`<br>`"error": "ValidationError",`<br>`"message": "filename is a required property"`<br>`}]`|See [how to send files by email](#sending-a-file-by-email)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`400`|`[{`<br>`"error": "ValidationError",`<br>`"message": "filename is a required property"`<br>`}]`|Specify a filename for the file you are sending|
```

> |`400`|`[{`<br>`"error": "ValidationError",`<br>`"message": "personalisation (key) is not one of [attach, link]"`<br>`}]`|See [how to send files by email](#sending-a-file-by-email)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`400`|`[{`<br>`"error": "ValidationError",`<br>`"message": "personalisation (key) is not one of [attach, link]"`<br>`}]`|The sending method specified must be either `attach` or `link`|
```

> |`400`|`[{`<br>`"error": "ValidationError",`<br>`"message": "(key) : Incorrect padding : Error decoding base64 field"`<br>`}]`|See [how to send files by email](#sending-a-file-by-email)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`400`|`[{`<br>`"error": "ValidationError",`<br>`"message": "(key) : Incorrect padding : Error decoding base64 field"`<br>`}]`|Ensure your file is converted to a string that is base64 encoded|
```

|`400`|`[{`<br>`"error": "ValidationError",`<br>`"message": "filename is too short"`<br>`}]`|See [how to send files by email](#sending-a-file-by-email)|

> |`400`|`[{`<br>`"error": "ValidationError",`<br>`"message": "filename is too long"`<br>`}]`|See [how to send files by email](#sending-a-file-by-email)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`400`|`[{`<br>`"error": "ValidationError",`<br>`"message": "filename is too long"`<br>`}]`|File name must be less than 250 characters|
```
